100 46
                                            Instructions                                            
====================================================================================================
                                                                                                    
   Greetings engineer! You are about to set off on your first assignment as chief engineer of a     
starship! Unfortunately for you, the galaxy is at war and your captain is a little trigger-happy.   
I guess that means it's up to you to make sure your ship and crew last as long as possible in this  
cold, dark expanse we call space. Let's take a look how...                                          
                                                                                                    
   During gameplay, in the upper-righthand corner of your screen, you will see a bar with 4 tabs,   
labeled Sector Overview, Ship Status, Energy Management, and Systems Repair. It is through these    
tabs that you cast the fate of the entire ship and its crew... so let's teach you how to use 'em.   
                                                                                                    
Press '1' to see ***Sector Overview***                                                              
                                                                                                    
   Use the left and right arrow keys to traverse through the list of objects in the sector to see   
their stats. When you have a planet selected, pressing the Enter key will move the ship into orbit  
of that planet, allowing you to see how much of each resource it has, expending 1 fuel in the       
process. Pressing the Enter key again will transfer as much of those resources as you can hold to   
your ship. The planet will update accordingly. If there are no enemy ships in your sector, you can  
save the game by pressing the 's' key. You can also move to a new sector by pressing the 'n' key.   
                                                                                                    
Press '2' to see ***Ship Status***                                                                  
   This tab shows you the status of every system on your ship, both the shield and hull health as   
well as the repair percentage of your engines, lasers, life support, and reactor. You also get to   
see how many of each resource you have on board.                                                    
                                                                                                    
Press '3' to see ***Energy Management***                                                            
   Use the left and right arrow keys to select a system to modify the energy distribution to. Use   
the up and down arrow keys to adjust the amount of energy each system has. The higher your shield   
energy, the less damage you take. The higher your lasers, the more damage you deal to other ships.  
The higher your engine power, the more enemy lasers and torpedoes you dodge. The higher your life   
support system, the faster your crew repairs systems. The Aux Power shows you how much extra power  
you have to work with.                                                                              
                                                                                                    
Press '4' to see ***Systems Repair***                                                               
   Use the up and down arrow keys to select which system you'd like to assign crew to. Use the left 
and right arrow keys to assign more or less crew members to repair each system. Up to 3 crew members
can work on a system at a time. The more crew members working on a system, the faster it's repaired.
                                                                                                    
Every time you enter a new sector, if there are enemy ships, the battle begins. Every two seconds   
a ship fires its weapons. Sometimes it's you, sometimes it's the enemy. Make sure you know what's in
your sector so you can manage your ship accordingly. There is no pause button. If you do nothing,   
then you'll be destroyed!                                                                           
                                                                                                    
        Good luck, and have fun!                                                                    
                                            Press any key to go back to the main menu . . .         